I just started taking part in the HackClub event, Horizons, and this is the my first project.
I didn't want to do a very hard project at first, so I just did a member counter, to keep tracking motion.
First, I got the components and started the build. (https://lapse.hackclub.com/timelapse/iy_r1t1RFO1_) At first, I thought, I did everything right, but I forgot to connect the digit pins, so I added it later off cam.
After that, I started coding (https://lapse.hackclub.com/timelapse/wj5ItZQwV2AN), tested the 7 segment display, andd it didn't work... I had no idea why, so I asked Claude to help, and the reason was I thought if the digit pin is HIGH, than it's on... But no, so I switched the HIGH with LOW signal, and it worked... So I thought... Than every digit were changing in the same time, so again, I asked Claude to help me. It helped me.
After the working display, I looked it up, how to use the ultrasonic sensor and how is it work (https://projecthub.arduino.cc/Aswinth/understanding-how-an-ultrasonic-sensor-works-behind-the-arduino-library-fe00f1), than I integrated the code on the webside to my code, and it worked in the serial monitor. I tried to print it out to the display, but it didn't worked, so I just skipped this part xd. So the main goal was a counter, I created a integer, to count, I coded, I thought it will work, I uploaded it, and the half of the monitor was red from the errors xd. And again, I asked Claude to help me, but it generated a code, which I had to understand, because at first, I got shocked why did he generated such a long code to a easy task, but later I understanded everything, but it didn't worked xd, so I had to debug it by my self. After the debug, it worked, so everything is ready. Test it.
The test was successfull, but it still counted twice almost everything, so I tried to add a delay, but than, it's not working again... So I removed the changes, and I got a idea: what if it just count, if the abs(previous_distance-distance) is greater than 10, so it won't count, if the person is standing right in the sensor.
After the test, it worked, so it's ready.
